feat(Forms): add `showConfirmDialog` to Iterate.RemoveButton (#4330)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/Iterate/RemoveButton/info.mdx

  </>,
)
```

## Confirm removal

> You can adding the `confirmRemove` property open a confirmation dialog before removing the item.

Reviewer: This sentence could be improved, hmm. Just a suggestion:

```suggestion
You can use the `confirmRemove` property to open a confirmation dialog before removing the item.
```
